oop-object_independence-medium-q4 (#674)
canvas-gamification/canvas-gamification-junit-tests: src/oop/object_independence/medium/q4/QuestionText.md

# oop-object_independence-medium-q4

## Question Info

- Question type: Java

> ### Question Text

Reviewer: From the way the description is worder, it seems like the user can assume that the string array has at least one item in it. Can you please mention this?

Reviewer: I don't think the `playNext` and `playPrev` methods will work otherwise.

You are about to take a long road trip so you want to build a simple portable player to keep yourself entertained on the 
trip. Make a class called **portableMusicPlayer** with the following description:

### PortableMusicPlayer Class

Your `PortableMusicPlayer` class must have the following items:

- Attributes:

>     - A non-empty array of `String` called **playlist**

Reviewer: I don't think saying non-empty is helpful here. I think on the methods just say to assume that the **playlist** is non-empty, or add something like "No music playing" if there is none.

# oop-object_independence-medium-q4

## Question Info

- Question type: Java

## Question Text

> You are about to take a long road trip. So, you want to build a simple portable player to keep yourself entertained on

Reviewer 2: change to avoid repetition with the rest of the description

the trip. Make a class called **PortableMusicPlayer** with attributes called **playlist** and **current** that are
initialized in the constructor. The class has a method to play the item at the **current** index in the **playlist**, or
play the next item, or play the previous item.

### PortableMusicPlayer Class

Your `PortableMusicPlayer` class must have the following items:

- Attributes:
    - An array of `String` called **playlist**
    - An `int` called **current**
    - Note that neither of these attributes should be visible from another class

- Constructors:
    - A single constructor with a parameter of an array of `String` that initalzies the **ingredients** attribute
    - It should initialize the **current** to zero
    - This constructor should be visible from another class

- Methods:
    - a `play` method which is accessible from other classes and prints `"Now Playing : "` + the string in **playlist**
      at index **current**

>     - a `playNext` method which is accessible from other classes and add one to current and takes it remainder for the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - a `playNext` method which is accessible from other classes, increments **current** by one and takes the remainder by the
```

>       size of **playlist** and prints `"Now Playing : "` + the string in **playlist**at index **current**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      size of **playlist** and prints `"Now Playing : "` followed by the String in **playlist** at index **current**
```

>     - a `playPrev` method which is accessible from other classes and subtract one to current and takes it remainder for

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - a `playPrev` method which is accessible from other classes and decrements **current** by one and takes the remainder by
```

>       the size of **playlist** and prints `"Now Playing : "` + the string in **playlist**at index **current**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      the size of **playlist** and prints `"Now Playing : "` followed by the String in **playlist**at index **current**
```

>       the size of **playlist** and prints `"Now Playing : "` followed by the String in **playlist**at index **current**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      the size of **playlist** and prints `"Now Playing : "` followed by the String in **playlist** at index **current**
```
